once an overcrowded tint side this
particular location has turned into a
wasteland as hundreds of this place
families once Sheltering inside this tin
Camp made their way searching for a new
place to protect their families from the
unpredictable falling bombs is really
military issued evacuation orders that
are largely perceived as enforced
displacement orders for already
traumatized displac more than one time
population
this is the seventh time we're displaced
against our will I don't know where to
go we a family of a trying to find a
safe area this is a tragic situation we
are left in the open for days even the
zones alleged to be safe are not safe at
all there's not a single safe inch in
the entire Gaza Strip it's all lies
we're taking you inside Thea hospital
and as you can see right now it's a
quiet
from people patients medical staff as
well as the evacuates who were inside
the hospital this is what used to be a
quite busy area with hundreds literally
hundreds of patients whether on bed or
on the floor of the hospital within the
past days and within span of a few
minutes the entire facility was
evacuated into safety now when I say
evacuated into safety it's not an
organized process people are on their
own their taking matters of their own
safety on their own but the
heartbreaking reality there is no safety
place across the central area in fact
across the Gaza there is no safe area
we're talking about a health facility
that is the only operational one in the
central here right
now the Israeli occupation forces
declared the area in which the hospital
is located as a military operation Zone
and must be evacuated we demand the
international organizations to act and
provide necessary protection to the
hospital and all those inside there's a
quiet of uncertainty happening right now
people have no idea where they are going
they don't know if the areas they are
going to are safe enough for them and
they're children from the unpredictable
Fallen bombs as the Israeli War
continues to rage across the Central
Area mainly these days and across the
Gaza trip this is Han Mahmud Al jazer
from der bah City in the central area
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer